writing/review.md, before:

# Proactive Review

TODO: Answer all of the following questions in the specified fashion. Please
note that, in addition to ensuring that your GitHub repository has a passing
build, the course instructor will also confirm that you have adequately answered
all of the questions by providing meaningful responses to each of them.

## Table of Contents


## Technical Review

### Record three Python functions from the following sources that you can correctly write on your own without assistance

You can review the following materials for examples of Python functions:

- course textbooks
- course web site
- course slides
- any course projects, including:
    - source code surveys
    - programming projects
    - engineering efforts

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to record these Python functions

#### Provide the first Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

#### Provide the second Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

#### Provide the third Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

### Using a previously provided function, provide Python code to show how to call it

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide the example of a call to a Python function

### Using a previously provided function, modify it to illustrate a defect and then explain why it is wrong

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide the example of a defect in a Python function
TODO: You must provide at least one paragraph to explain why the source code is defective

### Using the defective function, provide a function call example that would show it is wrong

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide a call to the defective Python function

## Learning Objectives

TODO: Review the learning objectives at [Learning Objectives for Data Abstraction](https://proactiveprogrammers.com/data-abstraction/learning-objectives-data-abstraction/)
and then use the following instructions to complete the next questions.

### Record three learning objectives for which you judge you can demonstrate mastery of the technical skill

#### Restate the first learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

#### Restate the second learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

#### Restate the third learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

### Give a learning objective that connects to covered material but for which you must continue to work

TODO: Retype the learning objective and the explain what work you need to
complete so as to ensure that you can develop a mastery of the stated technical skill

## Review Checklist

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for each review task that you completed:

- [] Re-read all of the content in the covered chapters of the course textbooks
- [] Studied and executed all of the Python source code in the Jupyter notebooks
- [] Correctly answered all of the summary questions in the Jupyter notebooks
- [] Reviewed and understood all of the technical content in the course slides
- [] Completed all source code surveys, programming projects, and engineering efforts
- [] Confirmed that you have a passing build in all of the aforementioned projects
- [] Answered all of the questions in the proactive review document
- [] Posted questions to a public channel in Discord for any unresolved issues

## Professional Evaluation

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I was challenged intellectually by the content and activities during this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I had plenty of support from my professor, my classmates, the student technical leaders, and the course software as I worked during this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I am closer to mastering the technical and scientific concepts of the course now than I was at the start of this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I felt that I was a part of a community of computer scientists during the past week"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "During the past module I made progress in mastering the technical knowledge and skills in computer science because of my own efforts and choices"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

Commit message:

chore: Update the table of contents in the writing/review.md.

writing/review.md, after:

# Proactive Review

TODO: Answer all of the following questions in the specified fashion. Please
note that, in addition to ensuring that your GitHub repository has a passing
build, the course instructor will also confirm that you have adequately answered
all of the questions by providing meaningful responses to each of them.

## Table of Contents

- [Proactive Review](#proactive-review)
  * [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  * [Technical Review](#technical-review)
    + [Record three Python functions from the following sources that you can correctly write on your own without assistance](#record-three-python-functions-from-the-following-sources-that-you-can-correctly-write-on-your-own-without-assistance)
      - [Provide the first Python function that you can write on your own without assistance](#provide-the-first-python-function-that-you-can-write-on-your-own-without-assistance)
      - [Provide the second Python function that you can write on your own without assistance](#provide-the-second-python-function-that-you-can-write-on-your-own-without-assistance)
      - [Provide the third Python function that you can write on your own without assistance](#provide-the-third-python-function-that-you-can-write-on-your-own-without-assistance)
    + [Using a previously provided function, provide Python code to show how to call it](#using-a-previously-provided-function-provide-python-code-to-show-how-to-call-it)
    + [Using a previously provided function, modify it to illustrate a defect and then explain why it is wrong](#using-a-previously-provided-function-modify-it-to-illustrate-a-defect-and-then-explain-why-it-is-wrong)
    + [Using the defective function, provide a function call example that would show it is wrong](#using-the-defective-function-provide-a-function-call-example-that-would-show-it-is-wrong)
  * [Learning Objectives](#learning-objectives)
    + [Record three learning objectives for which you judge you can demonstrate mastery of the technical skill](#record-three-learning-objectives-for-which-you-judge-you-can-demonstrate-mastery-of-the-technical-skill)
      - [Restate the first learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it](#restate-the-first-learning-objective-and-then-explain-how-you-know-that-you-have-mastered-it)
      - [Restate the second learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it](#restate-the-second-learning-objective-and-then-explain-how-you-know-that-you-have-mastered-it)
      - [Restate the third learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it](#restate-the-third-learning-objective-and-then-explain-how-you-know-that-you-have-mastered-it)
    + [Give a learning objective that connects to covered material but for which you must continue to work](#give-a-learning-objective-that-connects-to-covered-material-but-for-which-you-must-continue-to-work)
  * [Review Checklist](#review-checklist)
  * [Professional Evaluation](#professional-evaluation)
    + [On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I was challenged intellectually by the content and activities during this module"](#on-a-scale-from-1-to-5-please-respond-to-this-assertion-from-your-perspective-i-was-challenged-intellectually-by-the-content-and-activities-during-this-module)
    + [On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I had plenty of support from my professor, my classmates, the student technical leaders, and the course software as I worked during this module"](#on-a-scale-from-1-to-5-please-respond-to-this-assertion-from-your-perspective-i-had-plenty-of-support-from-my-professor-my-classmates-the-student-technical-leaders-and-the-course-software-as-i-worked-during-this-module)
    + [On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I am closer to mastering the technical and scientific concepts of the course now than I was at the start of this module"](#on-a-scale-from-1-to-5-please-respond-to-this-assertion-from-your-perspective-i-am-closer-to-mastering-the-technical-and-scientific-concepts-of-the-course-now-than-i-was-at-the-start-of-this-module)
    + [On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I felt that I was a part of a community of computer scientists during the past week"](#on-a-scale-from-1-to-5-please-respond-to-this-assertion-from-your-perspective-i-felt-that-i-was-a-part-of-a-community-of-computer-scientists-during-the-past-week)
    + [On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "During the past module I made progress in mastering the technical knowledge and skills in computer science because of my own efforts and choices"](#on-a-scale-from-1-to-5-please-respond-to-this-assertion-from-your-perspective-during-the-past-module-i-made-progress-in-mastering-the-technical-knowledge-and-skills-in-computer-science-because-of-my-own-efforts-and-choices)
## Technical Review

### Record three Python functions from the following sources that you can correctly write on your own without assistance

You can review the following materials for examples of Python functions:

- course textbooks
- course web site
- course slides
- any course projects, including:
    - source code surveys
    - programming projects
    - engineering efforts

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to record these Python functions

#### Provide the first Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

#### Provide the second Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

#### Provide the third Python function that you can write on your own without assistance

### Using a previously provided function, provide Python code to show how to call it

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide the example of a call to a Python function

### Using a previously provided function, modify it to illustrate a defect and then explain why it is wrong

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide the example of a defect in a Python function
TODO: You must provide at least one paragraph to explain why the source code is defective

### Using the defective function, provide a function call example that would show it is wrong

TODO: You must use a fenced code block to provide a call to the defective Python function

## Learning Objectives

TODO: Review the learning objectives at [Learning Objectives for Data Abstraction](https://proactiveprogrammers.com/data-abstraction/learning-objectives-data-abstraction/)
and then use the following instructions to complete the next questions.

### Record three learning objectives for which you judge you can demonstrate mastery of the technical skill

#### Restate the first learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

#### Restate the second learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

#### Restate the third learning objective and then explain how you know that you have mastered it

TODO: Retype the learning objective and then explain why you have mastered the technical skill

### Give a learning objective that connects to covered material but for which you must continue to work

TODO: Retype the learning objective and the explain what work you need to
complete so as to ensure that you can develop a mastery of the stated technical skill

## Review Checklist

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for each review task that you completed:

- [] Re-read all of the content in the covered chapters of the course textbooks
- [] Studied and executed all of the Python source code in the Jupyter notebooks
- [] Correctly answered all of the summary questions in the Jupyter notebooks
- [] Reviewed and understood all of the technical content in the course slides
- [] Completed all source code surveys, programming projects, and engineering efforts
- [] Confirmed that you have a passing build in all of the aforementioned projects
- [] Answered all of the questions in the proactive review document
- [] Posted questions to a public channel in Discord for any unresolved issues

## Professional Evaluation

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I was challenged intellectually by the content and activities during this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I had plenty of support from my professor, my classmates, the student technical leaders, and the course software as I worked during this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I am closer to mastering the technical and scientific concepts of the course now than I was at the start of this module"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I felt that I was a part of a community of computer scientists during the past week"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "During the past module I made progress in mastering the technical knowledge and skills in computer science because of my own efforts and choices"

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree
